.
[tranquil guitar music]
Okay, I just don't understand
why I'm holding
a gigantic banana.
I don't know, but can you
just give it a smile?
[babbling]
Okay, but there is hay
literally working its way
up my butt as we speak.
Okay,
well this is a tradition
- in our family.
- I understand.
You know what?
I think we got that one.
- Okay, great.
- Let's be honest.
I wasn't really
feeling the love.
So let's get mom up
and the baby standing
with you and let's get--
Can you take this banana
'cause I don't know
what I was doing with that.
Right, I'll get it right back
to you.
And let's put the arm around
with mom...
- Like this?
- And mom have the arm
on your shoulder
and a little more natural
with the elbow.
Natural, natural,
natural, natural, natural,
and smile mom.
Okay, there we go!
That feels right, right moms?
Actually, she's the mom,
I'm the best friend,
this is the baby.
Friends, lovers,
we don't need labels.
All I need from you
is do whatever you're going
do tonight
when you crawl into bed
and start
to snuggle with each other.
Oh, I'm sorry, Dougie,
I think there's been
a miscommunication
because that's not
what's happening here.
Right, she got divorced,
I moved home
- to help her with the baby...
- Yeah.
So that's sort of what
we're trying to capture here?
Yeah.
Just kind of
an alternative family situation,
but we're not married
but we're friends
and there's a baby.
Weird, but I'll tell you what,
let's move on to June.
Okay, hold that and I'll
get some sand from the back.
Okay, I need you to understand
that I believe this man
to be clinically insane.
And I need you to understand
that I believe that we belong
up on that wall
with all those other families.
- I know, I know.
- Do you understand?
- Yes I do.
- Because we are a real family.
Of course we are.
And it's very important to me.
Can you just get onboard?
Yes, I'm onboard.
Okay, fine!
So we're just going
to do whatever this man
with the rat-tail says?
I like the sounds of that.
I got some coconut bras,
a toucan head.
I got some nude body suits
in the back
- Which would be great.
- Mm-mm.
And, let's go to Rio!
[opening music starts]
Smile, toucan.
Need more of a smile
from the toucan.
I can't see anything
in here, guys,
and I can't breathe.
[Back Before We Were Brittle
by Say Hi]
♪ Hey, remember when ♪
♪ All of time stood still ♪
♪ Ooh, do do do do ♪
♪ Back before we were brittle ♪
I'm never doing that again.
Yes, we are.
You know what?
We got the photos,
so I don't know
what we're complaining about.
I have, like,
a rogue piece of hay,
like, right up
my butt crack.
Can you please
just look and get it?
It hurts.
Ew, I don't want
to get up your butt
- and check--
- Please, will you just do it?
- Fine.
- I don't know if it's...
- Where is it?
- Can you feel it?
- You know what?
- What is it?
- There was one up there.
- No, it's right to the right.
- Oh, there, I found it.
- There we go, okay.
Get it,
it's on the other side.
[clears throat]
Is it caught in my thong?
That's what it is.
(quietly)
Hi.
Well!
- What?
- Look who it is!
- Look!
It's Mark and Tina,
it's Tina and Mark.
- Yeah.
- Guys, it's Maggie and Emma
and the baby Charlotte.
- Look at Charlotte,
she's so big!
Yes, it is.
Here we are all together.
- Yes it's amazing.
- Isn't this wonderful?
- This is amazing.
- It is amazing.
Should I cross the street?
I know I'm not allowed
to be near your husband.
Well, you're here now.
All right, do we really need
to, come on, get into this?
- Right, good question.
- I mean, it's been a while,
- Right?
- Yes.
And this is all water
under the bridge,
but, you know, like,
how long has it been?
- It's been a long time.
- Look at the baby!
I know exactly
how long it's been.
Four and a half months.
It that the, uh,
amount of time
that it has been, to,
that has been?
Yeah, that's when you told him
that he's not allowed
to see me anymore
for no reason at all.
Actually, there was
a very good reason.
- You guys got a dog?
- Yes. Yes, we did.
- What's up with that?
- This guy right here.
- This little rascal.
- Uh huh.
Tina wanted a dog,
and so we got a dog
- and now we have a dog, right?
- We do, and his name is Rene.
- Rene.
- Oh, well, Rene
- Is a girl's name.
- Uh, not in France,
and he's French.
- Was he born in France?
- No.
Actually, he was born
in Teaneck New Jersey.
- That's not a French dog.
- Okay, you know what?
- How about we just--
- He's of French heritage
- and I have papers to prove it.
- Oh, I'd love to see them.
Then you check your mailbox
tomorrow!
I'll check it tonight!
God, I can't believe
they got a dog.
- You know what that means?
- Yeah, a baby.
- What?
- There practicing for a baby.
No, no, no.
When a relationship is
on its last gasp,
you get a dog.
Remember what happened
to Katy Buchanan?
Oh, the one
with the waterfall braid?
Yeah, did you know
that she had close
to eight beagles at one point?
Well, that's too many beagles.
I see her
on Facebook sometimes
just all alone
just covered in beagles.
I think you should try
and talk to Tina.
What?
Why would I do that?
I didn't do anything wrong?
Are we never going
to see Mark, like, forever
- and ever?
- Yeah.
Until old Bird Bones
cracks open that dirty beak
of heir's
and says, "I'm sorry."
Then, yeah, we're not going
to see our friend again
ever again.
Char-Bar, why aren't
you eating these carrots?
She always loves these.
Oh, you know what,
hold on a second.
- I'll get Mr. Kooky.
- Okay, no, no, no.
No Mr. Kooky.
What?
She needs him to eat.
No, she doesn't.
[gasps]
Oh, hi, Charlotte!
Oh, these are delicious carrots.
Can Mr. Kooky have
some of your carrots?
Um-mum-mum-mum-mum-mum.
- Can Charlotte have some?
[Charlotte laughs]
Oh, there we go.
See, she's eating
her carrots.
You gonna do this forever?
Because at some point,
she's gonna need to learn
how to eat on her own.
- Why?
- What, are you gonna go
to college with her
and do Mr. Kooky?
Yeah, if I have to.
We'll enroll.
I'll become, like,
a hot RA, you know?
Mm-hmm.
You'll be 57 years old.
I'll be like, "Oh, beers are
in the mini-fridge, y'all!"
You're gonna get arrested.
- Hi!
- Hey, Chris!
Hey, baby girl.
Daddy missed you.
Yeah, look who it is?
It's Daddy!
- Say, "Hi, Daddy."
- Hi, Daddy.
- How you doin', Mr. Kooky?
- Oh, I'm good, Bruce.
How are you?
Oh, I'm doing all right.
I think I'm doing all right.
- All right.
- No, I'm okay, yeah.
- Okay.
- Hey, Mags!
Can I borrow 175 mason jars
in your garage for 24 hours?
Wait, is it sauce season?
- It is sauce season!
- What's sauce season?
Mom woke up in the middle
of the night,
she smelled
the ripe tomatoes
and she just went,
"Sauce!"
- Oh, that's a good impression.
- God, it's terrifying.
Oh, tell me about it.
Ma's super intense
about tomato season.
That's why we can't
use our own garage.
Uncle Donnie died in there.
so Mom says
that his restless soul
kinda sours the sauce.
- Huh.
- Yeah.
Hey, Bruce,
I already hate myself
for doing this, but can I ask
how Uncle Donnie died?
Spiders--14 brown recluses
seized on his elbow.
They said they've never seen
spiders work in tandem like that
to take down
a mammal so large.
Who was they?
It was an EMT, paramedics,
couple guys from Friendly's
who just happened
to be going down the street.
Yeah.
Separately...
His lips were ripped off.
He said he put a shop-vac
up to his mouth
just to see what would happen.
- Kay.
- Closed casket.
Sorry I asked.
All right,
we only have 45 minutes.
Where's Tina?
She's in Hartford
buying a special raincoat
- For Rene.
- That's insane.
- Are you sure
that she's not going
to come home early
like she did that other time?
- I'm tracking her on my phone.
- That's smart.
Yeah,
should we just get to it?
Are you ready for it?
Oh, I'm ready for it, honey?
I'm ready.
I just gotta get my hands
on those sweet little cheeks!
[giggles]
Hello, my sweetheart!
Did you miss Uncle Mark, honey?
Oh, my gosh, look at you!
She's completely different
in a week!
I know we just started her
on solid food.
I'm gonna get
some solid food right now,
'cause I'm gonna eat
these toesies
I'm gonna eat these toesies
and I'm gonna eat these armsies.
[silly sound]
What do you think of that?
Look at you,
you beautiful thing
There's your toy!
I want to go on the record again
and say I don't like
all this sneaking around.
Right, but what are we
supposed to do?
I mean, I gotta get my hands
on this chubby face.
Yeah, but Mark
it is gonna come out,
and when it does,
it's gonna be ugly.
I think we should tell them.
No, no, no, no, no, no,
Tina's got the dog,
and we've got this weekly
date night thing
that we're doing, which is
going terribly so far,
but I've got high hopes.
I just don't want
to rock the boat, all right?
- Talk to your wife, man.
- Talk to your wife!
What? Tina's the one
that started it.
What, are you
afraid of her?
- She's 5'3".
- I'm not afraid of her.
[beeping]
Oh, my God, she's on the move!
Okay, this is exactly
what I'm talking about.
I don't have
the constitution for this.
You gotta go.
Go, Maggie, go, go, go, go.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't rush me
and don't rush my baby.
Now, Charlotte,
one of these days,
I'm gonna pass down
the secrets of the sauce to you.
I was gonna share it
with your mother,
but she's not officially
a Caruso anymore,
because numb-nuts here
screwed it up.
Ma, everyone agrees
we're in a better place now.
Yeah, we do.
Okay, I have an important
announcement to make.
Mr. Kooky has gone missing.
Who has seen him?
Maggie?
Well, did you check
his keeping basket?
Of course I checked
his keeping basket.
That's where he lives.
Mags, we gotta find him.
Char-Bar won't sleep
without him.
Be a real tragedy
if we lose Mr. Kooky.
Really like that guy.
Okay, hey, Mags!
Enough with the tomatoes!
I need you
to retrace your steps.
Was he with you when you went
to Mommy and Me?
I don't know,
I mean, I guess I had him
when I went to...
Oh, no.
I know where Mr. Kooky is.
And you're not gonna
like it one bit.
- And we are here.
- What?
Well, this is rich.
Mr. Kooky is trapped
in Bird Bones' house?
Yeah, well I knew if I told you
I was hanging out with Mark,
- you would lose your mind.
- Oh, wow, you know,
you live with someone
and you think you know them.
This is just like Gone Girl.
No, it isn't.
You haven't seen that movie.
Yeah, but everybody's
hiding something
and Ben Affleck
killed that woman,
and Doogie Howser's there--
he's up to no good.
Okay, listen, I'm not going
to stop hanging out
with one of my oldest friends
in the whole world
because his wife
is losing her mind, okay?
So we'll just get inside,
we'll get Mr. Kooky,
and then we'll get on the get.
What are you talking about?
We're gonna knock
on the door and go,
"Hey, Bird Bones.
Can we have our puppet back?
No, they're on date night.
What, Maggie?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're not suggesting
we break into their house
because that's
what crazy people do.
We don't have to break in.
[beeps]
Oh, well, I for one
am not gonna sully my hands
with the dirty crimes
of your heart.
Okay, sure.
I feel just like Keyser Soze.
You haven't seen
that one either.
- Yeah, I have, I have.
- Really, what happens?
Kevin Spacey bustin' perps
- and taking names.
- He's not a cop.
And people are giving cash
to everybody.
He's a criminal, remember?
He reads off the bottom
of the coffee cup?
I'm not breaking
into their house.
That's insane!
So, you don't want
to go inside the home
of your most mortal of enemies?
She got a new farmhouse sink
with a hands-free faucet.
Well, maybe
just one little peek.
[suspenseful music]
.
Oh, my God.
He has 44 Murder She Wrotes
in various stages
of being watched.
If that is not a cry for help,
Mags, I don't know what is.
Your fingerprints are going
to be all over that remote.
Oh, your fingerprints
are all over everything!
Okay, get over it
and help me find Mr. Kooky.
Fine.
Wait, did you bring a snack?
- No, I got it from the pantry.
- You can't eat their snack!
- No!
- You can't eat their snacks!
[gibberish]
- Hey, no, ma'am.
- I will fry this!
- Ow, those are my fingers!
This is the best granola bar
I have ever had.
- [growls]
- Put it in there!
All right, you made this choice.
I'm gonna stand here
and watch you chew it.
[heavy panting]
Do you hear that?
[panting]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Rene.
[energetic music]
All right,
where's your beef steaks?
Right here, Ma.
Chopped just like you like 'em.
Okay.
There's the yellow beefies.
Yeah.
Not bad.
Thanks, Ma.
Make me nervous
when you start
giving me compliments.
Kinda makes me feel
like the other shoe's
about to drop.
- Hand me the strainer.
- What, why?
'Cause I'm gonna
check the sauce for chunks.
I already checked, Ma.
I checked three times
for chunks.
Well then you got nothing
to worry about.
[scraping]
[gasps]
What's this?
It's chunks, Ma.
Multiple chunks.
[sighs]
I ask you to do one thing.
One thing! No chunks,
don't cheat on your wife,
and lock the spider box!
One thing!
- Rene!
Give us Mr. Kooky
and you go home free.
Give it to me you little sh--
[shouts French]
- Don't say that!
- It just means "drop it."
- Oh, maybe he is French.
- Yeah, I guess so.
[door shuts]
(Tina)
I don't want to talk about it.
(Bruce)
What did I do this time?
[Rene growls]
[whispers]
Closet, get in the closet!
[gasps]
Oh, my God!
[harp music plays]
Oh, my God.
What is this sweet paradise
we have stumbled upon?
I wanna live here forever.
(Tina)
So insensitive.
(Bruce)
How, what?
Shh, shh, shh.
I can't believe you would
order that when you know
that I'm lactose intolerant.
You're not lactose intolerant
all the time!
Yes, I am!
But sometimes I come in here
and you're eating
a bunch of Go-Gurts.
That is besides the point.
Tina, you know what?
You didn't need to eat it!
You know I always
take a bite off of yours.
It tastes sweeter
off your plate.
You're right, babe.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. It was, uh--
I should have though ahead.
Come on, why are you
giving in?
He never apologized
to me ever.
I've just been
a little on edge
since we ran into Maggie
and Emma the other day.
I get it, I get it.
Oh, my God.
Didn't they look so tired.
[gasps]
Excuse me?
Just had a baby, bitch.
Well, we probably
should cut 'em some slack.
They just had a baby.
(both)
Thank you.
They just had a baby?
No, Maggie just had a baby.
What's Emma's excuse
for those ten extra pounds?
- [muffled scream]
- It's okay, It's okay.
Huh.
Didn't you think so?
I-I really--
I really wasn't looking.
You were there
and you saw her.
No, I wasn't
looking at faces.
Just only feet.
Well, her feet looked fat,
right?
I guess...
that her feet looked fat.
Let me out of here!
Don't do that.
Speaking of fat feet,
where is Rene?
[babbles in French]
- Yeah, where are you, Rene?
- [babbles in French]
Rene! Rene!
Rene, you little asshole.
Get out of here.
(both)
Get out of here!
Rene!
Oh, there you are, baby!
[sighs]
- Oh, come to mommy!
[tranquil guitar music]
♪ ♪
Oh, baby, dropped your toy.
There you go,
butter fingers?
Yeah, I love you.
[sighs]
Brucie.
You know why
I'm hard on you?
'Cause I always yell out
the wrong answers during wheel.
No! Shut up.
I'm your mom,
and being a parent
is a lot like
making the perfect sauce.
You gotta squeeze the tomato
and find out the good stuff
that's inside 'em?
You understand
what I'm saying?
No.
[sighs]
You're a good son,
a lousy husband
and an amazing father.
Now hand me the oregano.
What are you doing?
I was going in
for a hug, Ma!
You're coming at me
with an open mouth!
It's my hug mouth!
Well, I get
enough of that at bingo.
Thank you very much.
[suspenseful music]
- It's clear.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
[creaking]
What!
[yelps]
Hello.
Hello, old friend.
What the...
We're in your house.
.
What are you doing
in my house?
Calm down, we can explain.
We broke in
to get Mr. Kooky, okay?
How long
have you been here?
Long enough to here you
say some very nasty things
- about us.
- Yeah.
[whispering]
Y'all get out of my house.
We're going,
if we can fit our fat feet
- through the door.
- Yeah!
(Tina)
Oh, Mark!
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
It's go time!
This is go time!
(Tina)
Oh, Mark!
I though you might want
some dessert.
What? What do you mean?
You wanna go out
for some sherbet.
Like some purple sherbet.
No, my body.
My body is the dessert.
You're body, today.
Uh, ha.
And I wanna have it...
- Not downstairs.
- Downstairs.
Oh, we're gonna hear them
have sex with each other.
I don't want this to happen.
♪ Girl ♪
♪ You know I want to
do it upstairs ♪
♪ I wanna take
your body upstairs ♪
Well, I--
♪ I want to do it downstairs ♪
♪ I really want
to do it for sure ♪
♪ But I need
to do it upstairs ♪
I want to do it downstairs.
♪ So we are gonna
do it downstairs ♪
And I am gonna bend over
for you right here so we can--
- Hi!
- Don't mind us.
[screams]
- Tina! Don't freak out.
- What?
- Okay, hey, hey, hey!
We can explain everything.
We just need you to stop
screaming like a bird.
What...are you doing...
in my house?
Good question.
Um, well, Mark and I have
been secretly hanging out.
- Oh, that's gonna smart.
- What!
Okay, let her finish.
Let her finish.
So he can
see baby Charlotte
and the last time
I was here
I left Mr. Kooky,
which is her favorite puppet,
- Yeah.
- She needs it to sleep.
You are not taking
that puppet.
He belongs to Rene, now!
Okay, but we have to have it.
No, Charlotte can't sleep
without it.
But I am not
gonna punish Rene
because your baby
is a coward.
- [gasps]
- Tina.
You give me that puppet!
No!
[all screaming]
Ladies, ladies.
Stop, girls! Enough!
All three of you
sit down right now
and listen to me
for a hot minute.
You are all acting crazy,
do you hear me?
It's crazy-acting!
We are gonna let it
all out, okay?
We're gonna open it all up,
because there has been
a whole bunch
of just secrets
and lies and video tape
and all kinds of mess
just straight happening
up in here.
Okay, I think you need
to take it down a notch--
But we're not gonna,
because it's my house
and I'm gonna keep it at 11!
- Duly noted.
- I haven't done anything wrong.
Tina, everybody has.
Okay? Everybody.
So, what we're gonna do
is we're gonna go around
and we're all gonna say
what we did wrong.
- That sounds unpleasant.
- Maggie and Emma.
Did you break into my house
to steal back a puppet,
and is that weird?
- Extremely weird.
- It's weird.
Thank you.
Mark!
Did you go behind Tina's back
so you could get your hands
on them sweet, sweet cheeks
of Maggie's baby?
- Affirmative.
- So sweet.
Tina, were you and I
having problems
before Emma
came to town?
Yes.
So could all of our problems
be her fault?
- I guess not.
- All right.
- Can I say something.
- Oh sh...
Tina, it must have been
really hard for you
when I moved back
to Pinebrook,
and I should have been
more considerate of that.
So...I'm sorry.
It was really hard.
I struggle with jealousy...
and rage.
All right,
you guys wanna hug it out?
- Yes.
- Let's hug it out, right?
- Okay.
- I'm proud of you, ladies.
- Oh.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
And you guys can take
Mr. Kooky home if you want.
I'll just get a new toy
for Rene.
[giggles]
[country rock]
You know what?
I think we're good.
Yeah, we're good.
.
Hey, hey, hey!
I'm so sorry!
Shh, shh, shh, she's asleep.
Don't wake her up.
What are you talking about?
How'd you get her to sleep
without Mr. Kooky?
You know what?
I like to do things
my own way in that regard.
It's kinda like making
a good sauce.
- Well, what did you do?
- Just brought her in there.
Put her in the crib,
told her she's the love
of my life,
turned out the lights.
She went to sleep.
- Wait a second.
- How long did she cry?
Zero minutes.
Oh, and that weird guy
from the photo studio came by.
He dropped something off.
I hung it up for you.
- Oh, God, no.
- He is not a good photographer.
Well, at least Charlotte
looks cute,
so that's the good news.
Says you guys made it up
on the wall at the studio.
- Wait, what?
- Yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh, man.
Are you crying?
Okay. Okay.
Well, we're a family.
I know.
We're up on the wall.
That means we're a family.
- We're real...
- I know.
We're a real-life
human family.
Okay, okay.
I can feel you breathing.
- I'm sorry.
- Get in here.
I'm sorry,
this is awkward otherwise.
God.
[laughs]
- You're the banana.
- Yeah!
That guy knows
where we live?